hi my name's Dan Delavan I'm the owner
operator of Plaza cutlery in Costa Mesa
California
we have a great selection we also have a
website plazacutlery.com and today we're
going to be talking about knives
the main brands and the better quality
switchblade sore course Benchmade
Spyderco protec there are other
companies that make them too but these
companies pretty much specialize in them
and they do a lot of military contracts
and law enforcement contracts
this is benchmade these three right here
and this is pro tech all of them are
american-made also except for Spyderco
but i believe all their switchblades are
made here in the United States you do
not want to buy a foreign made one
there's a lot of restrictions on
bringing them into the United States so
you just want to look at the quality
there's no hang-ups some of them are the
locks can stick in getting the way but
you want it very smooth and you want the
blade good and firm you don't want a
bunch of play make sure the lock doesn't
hang it all when you open and close it
and then it should have a safety some
companies don't like for example pro Tek
they have a really cheap release on
theirs so they get around that but again
if you're going to carry it you want to
make sure there's nothing else in your
pocket you could accidentally to press
that button pop it out most your
better-quality switch blades are going
to be made of 154cm s30v which is now
being changed s35vn some of the
different tool steels so as long as you
go with the major company you won't have
any
they can range from around 150 up with
the internet there's all different
prices out there but protects you with
their small California autos because
that's primarily all we carry from them
he'll discharge around 140 or so 135
going up from there you get into some of
the more fancy ones in the Damascus you
know five hundred dollars or so you can
get up into your some of your custom and
handmade ones up into a few thousand
dollars